Editorial Changes to Challenge Field (#360)
ietf-teep/teep-protocol: draft-ietf-teep-protocol.md

challenge
: The challenge field is an optional parameter used for ensuring the freshness of
  attestation evidence returned with a QueryResponse message. It MUST be absent if
  the attestation bit is clear or the Passport model is used.
  When a challenge is
  provided in the QueryRequest and Evidence in the form of an EAT is returned with a QueryResponse message
  then the challenge contained in the QueryRequest MUST be used to generate the EAT,

>   by copying the challenge into the eat_nonce claim, see {{eat}}, if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  by copying the challenge into the eat_nonce claim (Section 4.1 of {{eat}}) if
```

>   the nonce-based freshness mechanism is used for attestation evidence.  For more details about freshness

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the nonce-based freshness mechanism is used for attestation Evidence.  For more details about freshness
```
